(eerie orchestral music)
[Yhwach] I thank all of those
Quincies who have died.
Because of them,
I'm able to see the
world clearly again.
This abominable world,
get ready to say
goodbye to it forever.
For there is no
turning back now.
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
(powerful explosion)
Everything's gone
without a trace.
The mountain you created,
even the pool of
blood you lay in.
I must have busted some
organs during that scrap.
I can hardly hear anything
after that explosion.
This sucks.
Yachiru, hey,
where are you, kid?
It's all over now.
Come on out.
Eh?
[Soul reaper] Captain.
You did it, captain.
You beat him.
[Kenpachi] Yeah.
Hey, have you guys seen any
sign of Yachiru anywhere?
No, I can't say we have.
Well, you know Lieutenant
Kusajishi, sir.
She's always wandering off.
-Find her.
-Huh?
[Soul Reaper] I don't think
she's around here, sir.
We can't sense her
spiritual pressure.
Just shut up and find her.
Sir, right away.
You heard him, let's go.
Yachiru.
(lightning crash)
Huh?
Captain, are you all right?
An ambush!
That was the dirty trick.
Going up against
Kenpachi Zaraki,
we'll use any trick we've got.
Just for that, we're
gonna put you down.
Quit your shouting.
You won't have to put
up with me for long.
Told ya, see.
(gasps)
Where do you think you're going?
There's really no point
in trying to rescue him
'cause Mr. Captain
is slated to die.
[Giselle Gewelle] Whoa, hold on.
Instead of worrying about me.
Shouldn't you guys be trying
to rescue your
captain or something?
[Soul Reaper] Shut up.
We're gonna kill you before
you can use your weird
Quincy powers on us.
Oh no, you've got it wrong.
I don't have that kind
of fighting ability.
I'm not like the
others, trust me.
You don't wanna waste
your time killing me.
Oh yeah.
Well, now you've done it.
You went and got my
blood all over you.
And the interesting
thing about my blood,
anyone who touches it,
becomes a walking corpse
that has to do everything I say.
And, I say kill
yourselves right now.
(smirk)
[Soul reaper]
Defend the captain.
Hold your ground.
[Candice] Lucky me.
(screams)
Those idiots gathered together
in a nice little clump for me
so I can kill them
all in one go.
[Liltotto] Okay, now
that all the small fry
are out of the way,
let's finish off
the special threat.
Oh.
(lightning crackles)
(gasp)
He doesn't seem like
someone who's almost dead.
Nope, that's what makes
him a special threat.
(thundering explosion)
That's crazy.
How's he even able to move like
that after fighting Gremmy?
I just don't get it.
The guy's a monster.
That one almost hurt.
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
Will you hurry up and die?
(lightning explosion)
That seemed to do the trick.
You can tell he's
just barely alive now.
[Liltotto] So, who
gets to finish him off?
[Meninas] Oh I know,
lets play Rock, Paper!
Uh, I can't move my body.
Dammit, is this the end for me?
Captain Zaraki is in danger.
[Byakuya]
Calm down, Rukia.
Don't get emotional.
You still haven't fully
recovered from your last battle.
Yes, but brother.
(intense gasps)
Huh?
Did you feel that spiritual
pressure too, brother?
(upbeat rock music)
He's finally back.
♪♪ Do you wanna see some action ♪♪
-Huh?
-Uh?
What in the?
What the hell is that?
Uh, did that thing just
crash into the ground?
Yep, sure it did.
Totally.
[Ichigo] Guess I came
in a little too hot.
(girls gasp)
Hey, when did he?
[Ichigo] Whoa, what happened?
Not looking so good, Kenpachi.
What in the hell
are you doing here?
[Ichigo] I never thought
the day would come
when I'd be saying
this to you but
♪♪ So baby, now you
feel like number one ♪♪
♪♪ Shining bright for everyone ♪♪
I'm here to help ya.
♪♪ Living out your fantasy ♪♪
I never thought that
the day would come
that I'd need help from you,
Ichigo.
Can you stand?
Let's get you treated.
Yeah, right.
Forget about me, you idiot.
Right now, I'd be more
worried about yourself.
(electric crackling)
(screams)
(building collapses)
♪♪ Now you feel like number one ♪♪
♪♪ shinning bright
for every one ♪♪
What the?
(grunts)
(thundering explosions)
♪♪ Now you feel like number one ♪♪
What's up with this guy?
I guess I let my guard down.
Oh, come on guys.
What'd you expect?
That's the number
one special threat,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
[Candice] Oh shut up.
Oh, special threat,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
I don't give a damn
except I do give a damn
that he got me all
covered in dirt and dust.
For that, there's
gonna be hell to pay.
Do you have any idea
how much earlier
than everyone else I've gotta
get up just to do my hair?
Ooh, she looks scary.
That's what she's angry about.
(electric buzzes)
Galvano Blast.
(thundering explosions)
Five gigajoules and
you're toast, asshole.
Yeah right.
Somehow I doubt that a shot
or two of your Heilig
Pfeil is gonna kill him.
What'd I tell you?
[Yhwach] So, you have
come, Ichigo Kurosaki.
(majestic horn music)
Then, make yourselves
ready, Haschwalth,
Uryu.
[Nakk Le Vaar] So, it's
beginning, well then.
Will I be deemed worthy
of being among the chosen?
(explosion)
(groan)
Ugh!
Ooof!
Argh!
[Candice] Dammit, you
girls did that on purpose.
[Giselle] He sure is a
strong one, all right.
He's managed to block every
kinda shot we've thrown at him.
It's really annoying.
Wish he was dead.
Strangely, we're all
in complete agreement.
That's a first.
[Candice] Well then,
what are we waiting for?
Let's hit him with,
you know what?
Seriously?
Aw, but that always
makes me so tired.
Seems a little
overkill if you ask me.
Fine, then you could just
stand there and watch.
When I kill the number
one special threat,
I'm taking all the credit.
(angry grunts)
Galvano Javelin.
Getsugatensho.
(explosive blast)
[Candice] No way.
(groan)
[Liltotto] Even her
Voll Stern Dich couldn't
kill him.
We need to update our Daten.
So, what's our next step then?
Oh, the hell with
it. Let's do it.
Okie dokey, then.
Sklave Rai.
Azhalbiora.
Pornipora.
Gagael.
(battle whooshes)
[Meninas] Dumbbell Duster.
Dumbbell Duster, Baton Beat.
(weapon clashes)
Spork.
(gasp)
Spife.
Okay, Dancing Dead
Boys Club, go get him.
(cartoony sound effects)
Doo-dee-dee-dum-dah.
Wow.
Now I've gotcha.
Munchy Munchy Babies.
A special threat must
be a tasty treat,
Golden Crunch.
(metal clap)
Huh?
Phew, that was close.
Dumbbell Duster, Halteres.
(clamp)
(girls scream)
Outta the way!
(grand orchestral music)
You think you're pretty
hot stuff, don't ya?
Sklave Rai.
(Reishi gathering)
Balbarriel.
That damn look on your face.
You might even deserve to wear
that look if you
can survive this.
Ha!
Electrocution.
[Ichigo] Getsuga Jujisho.
(booming explosion)
(gasp)
You're gonna have to
do better than that.
Dodge, you idiot.
(colossal explosion)
(gasping)
Now, you've done it,
you damn bastard.
Heal me, Gigi.
Really, you sure?
[Candice] Without
using your damn blood.
Oh.
Here.
Okay, yeah, nicely done.
Bitch, will you calm down?
Any fool can see that being
impatient won't win this fight.
Bite me.
Here I come, Ichigo Kurosaki.
And, this time you're gonna die.
(gasp)
(quick whooshes)
What the?
[Bazz-B] Sorry, but I
need you all to stay dead
for a while.
[Candice] Bazz-B, you bastard.
[Bazz-B] The early
bird may catch the worm
but it's usually the
last one to arrive
who gets the glory.
That's what you
had in mind, right?
Ichigo Kurosaki.
[Nanana] You got a
good point there.
Guess I should
have come even later.
[Robert] But since
we're all here
at the same time,
we can share in
the glory equally.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
The one who kills him
gets all the glory.
(light gleaming)
Huh?
What's that?
That light.
(eerie orchestral music)
Yhwach.
So, it's begun.
[Yhwach] Let us all be thankful
to the one
responsible for having
guided us to the light,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Thanks to you the way
is now open for me
to invade the royal palace.
[Niko] The
concentration of Reishi
in the Seireitei is dropping.
What's causing it?
There's a hole in the
Soul Shield membrane
[Mayuri] That can only mean
the key has arrived
to open the gate.
The Shihakusho that
Ichigo Kurosaki is wearing
is likely an Ouken
woven out of the bones
and hair of members
of Squad Zero.
It's thanks to the durability
and protective qualities
of the Shihakusho
that Ichigo was able
to pass unscathed
through the 72-layer barrier
that lies between
the royal palace
and the Seireitei.
However, based on
the regenerative rate
of the Soul Shield Membrane,
it will take 6,000
seconds before
the opening can close again.
And during that interval,
a rift allowing passage
to and from the royal
palace will lie open.
(gasp)
[Shunsui] This confirms
my suspicions.
The enemy's real target was
the Soul King all along.
(eerie instrumental music)
God dammit.
That blasted Squad Zero.
What could they be thinking?
That was just plain
silly to think
we'd let you attack
His Majesty like that.
We've got you surrounded.
Diamond Push.
(gasp)
[Robert] You're a
tough one, aren't ya?
Burner Finger One.
Dammit.
[Ichigo] Renji.
[Renji] Get going.
I'll keep these guys
from getting through.
I don't know all the details
but you have a score to settle
with the boss of
the Quincies, right?
Well then, you can have him.
It's your job now.
Don't let him get away.
You heard what I said to him.
You trying to make me look bad?
(all grunt)
I said you guys aren't
getting through.
(grand choir music)
Yhwach.
Allow me.
(grand choir music)
(gasp)
Huh?
(grand choir music)
[Ichigo] Uryu,
(gasp) what are you doing?
[Uryu] Turn back, Ichigo.
What?
You don't have a chance
of stopping, His Majesty.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean?
Go now or you'll just be
throwing your life away.
Answer me, dammit.
What the hell are you
doing on their side?
(suspenseful orchestral music)
Licht Regen.
(piercing arrow twangs)
(groans)
(Chad growling)
(lively choir music)
How could you?
Uryu.
Wait a second, you
bastard, answer me.
Finished saying your farewells?
[Uryu] Yes.
This parting will be forever.
I'm aware of that.
(somber instrumental music)
(gasp)
[Ichigo] Uryu.
Say something, dammit.
(melancholic orchestral music)
Uryu.
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Giselle] I love you
to death.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)